{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red32\green29\blue30;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww5120\viewh15700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs58 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl156\partightenfactor0
\cf0  
\fs49 \cf2 1. Primary research: visit neighborhood and document. Organize documentation to present to class. \
\
3. Prepare 10 keyword adjectives. \
Low-key\
Steep\
Peak\
\ul Sunny\ulnone  Warmth\
Friendly\
Serpentine\
Caucasian\
Busy\
Residential\
Pasture\
\
\
\
Low-key\
Steep\
Panoramic\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs48 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hybrid
\f0\fs49 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl156\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Warmth\
Friendly\
Serpentine\
Undiscovered\
Bright\
Fluxive\
elastic\
\
\
4. Define the following: \
Audience: who is the logo for? \
Purpose: what is the main purpose of the logo? What does it provide its audience? \
\
	The logos intention is bring people to the Potrero and surrounding areas\'97friendly, inviting, and neutral. Passerby\'92s mostly, since there is a lot of traffic in the area. Residents of Potrero Hill already know what the area has to offer and the area that it covers.  The majority of people/families that live in Potrero are caucasian and proffesional-working class\'97so creating a inclusive environment for people who don\'92t normally hang out here could help create diversity. \
\
\
\
\
\
2. Begin secondary research: Visit the library or your neighborhood historian to get a head start on your secondary research. Begin answering all the questions on the left under 1b. \
\
35% have bachelors degrees\
100k average income\
30% are family households\
37% average age people}